the other day i was telling you about the
audacity of Luis Pliego with Jul Haneiro
knowing that the parents are on the verge of
suing him at every moment and that he doesn't hesitate
when necessary and he
came out with a headline on the front page without
mincing words linking Jul
Janeiro with Carl's brother
constancy who is the boy who has been
arrested for attempted murder eh
i imagine that in an attempt to defame
and offend Jesulin du Brique and the
family because they found out that Jul had
had a relationship with this boy some
time ago I don't know if it was a couple of years or
something like that apparently the law firm
has already sent a
burofax
lawyer to all the media that Julian
Janeiro denies that she is still with Pietro
that there was a relationship last summer that she
traveled with him without knowing about his
criminal problems and in August they broke up he doesn't
want to make any statements but he does want to
deny eh everything that has been said
through his lawyers